feat: deploy namespacefiles (#6)
kestra-io/deploy-action: README.md

# Deploy Action

> Official GitHub Action to create a CI/CD pipeline that deploys [Flows](https://kestra.io/docs/concepts/flows.html), [Templates](https://kestra.io/docs/developer-guide/templates/) or Namespace Files to 
> your Kestra server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official GitHub Action to create a CI/CD pipeline that deploys [Flows](https://kestra.io/docs/concepts/flows.html), [Templates](https://kestra.io/docs/developer-guide/templates/) or [Namespace Files](https://kestra.io/docs/developer-guide/namespace-files) to your Kestra server.
```

Also, you should always deploy your `Templates` before your `Flows`, to avoid running before their
templates are created.

> Namespace files should also be deployed before the flows to prevent a flow depending on one of these file runong before 
> the file exists.
> 
> ## `.kestraignore` file
> Note that when using `namespace_files` resource type you can add a special dot file `.kestraignore` to ignore some file, folder or patterns.
> 
> This file support classic [GitIgnore syntax](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore).
> 
> ### Example
> Example of `.kestraignore` file (works the same way as `.gitignore`):
> ```gitignore
> flows/
> Dockerfile
> docker-compose.yml
> *.md
> ```
> This example will skip all flows, markdown files, and Docker-related files from being deployed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespace files should also be deployed before the flows to prevent a flow depending on one of these files before the file exists.

## `.kestraignore` file
Note that when using the `namespace_files` resource type, you can add a special file called `.kestraignore` to ignore some files and folders using regular expression patterns that follow the [.gitIgnore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) syntax.

### Example
Example of a `.kestraignore` file (which works exactly the same way as `.gitignore`):
```gitignore
flows/
Dockerfile
docker-compose.yml
*.md
```
This example will skip all flows, markdown files, and Docker-related files from being deployed.

```
